momentum_content/come-to-a-meeting.markdown, before:

---
layout: about
title: "Momentum Connection"
page: come-to-a-meeting
img: bramhall_circle.jpg # Add image (optional)
description: Come to a Meeting
permalink: /come-to-a-meeting/
tag: [Momentum, About, Contact]
---
At its core face-to-face encounters are central to the Momentum experience. We'd love to have you come out and see if Momentum is for you. 

Our monthly meeting is the Second Saturday of every month at [Bramhall Park in San Jose](https://www.meetup.com/GoMomentum/). The meeting starts promptly at 10 AM, goes till 12 noon, and always includes an amazing breakfast. Look for a group of about 50 men. 

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d1586.837576210197!2d-121.91172802412149!3d37.30283212848438!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x0%3A0x0!2zMzfCsDE4JzEwLjIiTiAxMjHCsDU0JzM4LjMiVw!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1527040538809" 
    width='100%' 
    height='auto'
    frameborder='0' 
    style='border:0; padding-bottom:1em' 
    allowfullscreen>
</iframe>

Even more central to the Momentum experience are our small-group meetings, which you will also see listed at the above link or reach out and we'll connect you.

Feel free to [contact us here with any questions]({{site.baseurl}}/contact/).

Commit message:

- Fixed tag vs. tags - Tag if statement in post template - Removed tags that were not real tags - Eliminated separate about template - Cleaned up post template - Removed idea of a site author

momentum_content/come-to-a-meeting.markdown, after:

---
layout: post
title: "Momentum Connection"
page: come-to-a-meeting
img: bramhall_circle.jpg # Add image (optional)
description: Come to a Meeting
permalink: /come-to-a-meeting/
author-name: Momentum
author-photo: momentum_logo_darker.png
about-author: Momentum is a local, not-for-profit men’s community supporting men and men’s teams.
---
At its core face-to-face encounters are central to the Momentum experience. We'd love to have you come out and see if Momentum is for you. 

Our monthly meeting is the Second Saturday of every month at [Bramhall Park in San Jose](https://www.meetup.com/GoMomentum/). The meeting starts promptly at 10 AM, goes till 12 noon, and always includes an amazing breakfast. Look for a group of about 50 men. 

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d1586.837576210197!2d-121.91172802412149!3d37.30283212848438!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x0%3A0x0!2zMzfCsDE4JzEwLjIiTiAxMjHCsDU0JzM4LjMiVw!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1527040538809" 
    width='100%' 
    height='auto'
    frameborder='0' 
    style='border:0; padding-bottom:1em' 
    allowfullscreen>
</iframe>

Even more central to the Momentum experience are our small-group meetings, which you will also see listed at the above link or reach out and we'll connect you.

Feel free to [contact us here with any questions]({{site.baseurl}}/contact/).
