---
layout: post
title: "Momentum Values"
img: steve_adventure.jpg # Add image post (optional)
date: 2017-02-11 08:00:00 -0800
description: From the February 2017 General Meeting
tag: [Men's-Work, Growth, Values]
---
# How We Get our Values

In February, I invited you to share your pitch to prospective Owners and to articulate the benefits of your involvement in Momentum.  Thanks for all of your powerful reflections.  I have worked with the Legacy Council to create a draft a document which we are calling "Momentum's Values."   We wanted to create a document that will serve to explain to prospective Owners what we are and that will challenge our current Owners to embrace and live out our core values.

Please comment below with your comments, questions, and reflections.  Did we miss anything?  Does this document resonate with you?  

Steve Scott, Chief

* * * 

_Momentum is a local, not-for-profit men’s community. We support men and men’s teams._
 
**Momentum is for men**
Our focus is on men’s work and being the best men we can be. While we enjoy time with all the people in our lives, we see the special benefit men get when they work and play together.

**We support men to have authentic friendships**
Sure, we like to have fun together, but we’re looking for something more: authentic, lifelong friendships with great men we trust, who become like brothers.

**Momentum supports teams**
We believe that men benefit greatly from being on teams that meet regularly to support each other to live their values and achieve their dreams. Teams help deep friendships develop.

**We are committed to growth**
We challenge each other to be better men, and allow ourselves to be challenged. We are ruthless in our compassion. 

We support each other to live an engaged life, be true to our values, and adhere to standards beyond those that society generally accepts. We embrace standards like authenticity, being on time, bringing love into the world through our actions. 

**Giving**
When we give, we get. We see the value in contributing our gifts and talents to benefit our communities, families, teams, and each other. Giving grows relationships. We give to Momentum: Our community is only as strong as we make it.

[Click here for Momentum’s Values](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1K4bfrQzt6R5CMaZWblMlRIV827XU1_For1YoI9jzZHA/edit?usp=sharing)
