---
layout: post
title: "Have Tempo?"
img: music.jpg # Add image post (optional)
date: 2017-02-09 17:51:00 -0800
description: 
tag: [Service, General Meetings, Content]
---
# Tempo -- How every team Owns Momentum

Everything we deliver at our monthly general meetings (GMs) is produced in-house. Over the years, every team has prepared breakfast for the men, most have delivered fun and have had a man do Stroke 4 in the grove. Most have delivered GM content.

**Men and teams have told me how much they get out of this**. When you give you get; and the smart teams take the whole organization along on their journeys, as there is no better way to grow in a particular direction than build a process to take others there!

At the April GM, I led a discussion on what we’re now calling the **Team Production Program**, or simply, **Tempo**.  **This gives all teams the chance to lead the whole organization in processes**. Thank you to all, for expressing your support! It’s a go!  

We are rolling it out now with an 8-month pilot program. I am asking teams to step up and lead four processes, spaced over 7 months. They are:

1. **Breakfast**: prepared as a gift to the community 
2. **Content**: A 30-50 minute process designed for growth and support
3. **Grove**: A more intimate, personal process in the grove, around emotional or spiritual topics, such as Stroke 4 (25 minutes)
4. **Fun** (30 minutes).

**We need 8 teams to commit** (they can be existing teams or production teams of unaligned men). Each team will do this for 7 months: one month on, one month off; and we’ll schedule it so all months are fully covered. 

While it is not required, **I want ALL teams to play**, to further my vision: _Own Momentum_. Please discuss with your team, or men you want to play with, how this would benefit you!

**What I want you to do**: Discuss this with your team this week. I am looking for teams to step up and say, “We’re in!!” So please reply to me this week, either here or privately, and let me know your team’s status.

**Why do this?**

* A chance to give to a community that supports the team
* A chance to give, period. 
* A chance to develop and deliver material that will help you `--` your team and its Owners `--` grow and become better men. YOU GET TO CHOOSE: If there is something you have that you want to give; or better, something you want to learn, this is a way to learn by teaching, to get by giving.
* You own Momentum and if it’s not giving you what you want, here’s your chance to show how it should be.

Thanks, men, for supporting this idea at yesterday’s meeting. As you know, I had a lot of fears around making this happen and I'm grateful for the support. 

Let’s do this!

Steve Scott, Chief
